reevaluation of affiliated packages template (#246)
sunpy/sunpy.org: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/reevaluation_affiliated_package.md

---
name: Reevaluation of Affiliated Package

> about: Submit an update review of a affiliated package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Submit a request for an updated review of an affiliated package
```

labels: Affiliated Package Review
assignees: Cadair
---

## Package Details
<!-- If any of these have changed, please update them. !-->

- Package name:
- Maintainer(s):
- Repository:
- Documentation link:
- PyPI link (if applicable):
- Continuous integration link(s):
- Link to Code of Conduct or page describing adopted Code of Conduct:

## Requested Re-review

> <!-- What would you like to be reviewed again? !-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- What would you like to be reviewed again? Please describe what has changed. !-->
```

<!-- Submitters do not need to edit below this comment !-->

## Package Review

## Editor Submission Checklist

- [ ] Is the submission appropriate (compatible with the SunPy CoC)?
- [ ] Does the project have an [appropriate license](https://opensource.org/licenses/)?
- [ ] Is the project in an online version control system?
- [ ] Does the project provide a Python interface?
- [ ] Is the project on PyPI?
- [ ] Is the project useful to the solar physics community?
- [ ] Version that was reviewed (tag or commit hash)

## Instructions to Reviewer

Please copy the following and select the ranking for requested criteria, the full review criteria can be found here:

```
* Functionality           : General Package / Specialized Package / Not Relevant
* Integration             : Well integrated / Partially Integrated / Minimal Integration
* Documentation           : Extensive / Some / Little
* Testing                 : Excellent / Good / Needs Work
* Duplication             : None / Some / Major
* Community               : Excellent / Good / Needs Work
* Development Status      : Stable / Subject to Change / Low Activity / Needs Work

> ```

Reviewer: I feel maybe this is the section which needs the most updating?
